#7539 - selenium commands reviewed and updated (#66)
G1ANT-Robot/G1ANT.Addon: G1ANT.Addon.Selenium/G1ANT.Addon.Selenium/Commands/SeleniumAlertActionCommand.md

| `errorjump`    | [label](G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/LabelStructure.md) | no       |                                                              | Name of the label to jump to when the command throws an exception or when a given `timeout` expires |
| `errormessage` | [text](G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/TextStructure.md) | no       |                                                              | A message that will be shown in case the command throws an exception or when a given `timeout` expires, and no `errorjump` argument is specified |
| `errorresult`  | [variable](G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/VariableStructure.md) | no       |                                                              | Name of a variable that will store the returned exception. The variable will be of [error](G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/ErrorStructure.md) structure |

For more information about `if`, `timeout`, `errorcall`, `errorjump`, `errormessage` and `errorresult` arguments, see [Common Arguments](G1ANT.Manual/appendices/common-arguments.md) page.

## Example

> In the following example, the robot opens Chrome, runs a Java script, which brings up a confirmation message and after a 2-second delay, confirms this message (equivalent of clicking OK):

Reviewer: it's not a Java script. Java and Javascript are different languages and here it is a Javascript script 😄

Author: I'm aware of that. One space too many.

Author: ```suggestion
In the following example, the robot opens Chrome, runs a Javascript, which brings up a confirmation message and after a 2-second delay, confirms this message (equivalent of clicking OK):
```

Reviewer: Yeah, I saw later that everywhere where there was a Javascript code, you explained it correctly :) But I forgot so I left my first comment unchanged, I know it was just a typo 😄
